

Our second week was our cohort's first design sprint. The cohort learned a lot of new information about the legal space. The first few days I felt as though I was playing catchup; trying to figure out what the big picture of legal needs are and trying to learn how individual team dynamics and structures work. Traditionally when I'm working with new teams I tend to observe how everyone works and then I find the role most suitable for myself. I believe that something I need to work on is assuming my role from the onset and establishing my contribution. The fast paced nature of these design sprints don't really allow us time to learn how to work with eachother before we have to get work and research done.

My team focused on language access withing the housing court system. We learned from experts what issues low english proficiency individuals struggle with, however, we weren't able to directly interact and interview these individuals. One insight we gathered from english proficient individuals who have gone through the housing court system is that they generally have a pessimistic view towards the court system and feel it's designed for lawyers, not for people.

What we tried to was conceptualize a tool that would translate legal terms in documents for native english speakers with LEP consideration integrated at the start. Our thought being that we need to first tackle the understanding of these documents in simple english and then work our way to translating this into other languages.

This concept needs to be pushed further and we also need to address the lack of interview subjects who fit into the LEP category. We've already received team assignments for next week and I'll be pursuing a different angle of the legal space, which is legal health within the family court system.