# Research Sprints

## Onboarding

  * Ice breakers
  * Office Logistics
  * Timeline
  * Getting to know my peers
  * Learning about how Robinhood Foundation measures impact. Counterfactors.
  * Appreciating the amount of intelligence in the cohort and slightly worried about my ability to contribute socially.
  * I'm very optimistic about working with the group and what we'll be able to achieve.

## Personal Struggles

  * I feel emotionally drained from listening to and sharing stories of personal struggle. Though, I realize that the people we will be interviewing are going to be sharing a whole lot more that we discuss, and this emotional roller coaster will continue.


## Initial Interviews

## Sprints

  * The process is not as easily executed as it seems when considering working with new people.


## My Sprint

The third week is our second week of design sprints and I led a sprint with another design partner. We explored the idea of legal health within the family court system and through our research we discovered a specific kind of emotional sensitivity on the subject. The DIG members that we talked to, two mothers who had gone through family court, revealed to us the process has a permanent impact family mental and emotional health. Another story came from a young man who's parents went through the family court when he was a child. He ended up partially being raised by family members and foster homes.

* The ways of looking at the role of technology in social problems.

After reading these articles;

  * The Reductive Seduction of Other People's Problems
  * Thinking In Ecosystems
  * The Ethics of Measurement

I stopped thinking "how can technology solve these problems" and started thinking "what opportunity gap can technology fill, and for whom do we want to design for?"


## Mapping Ecosystems

The fourth week my team decided to focus research on lawyers to try to find out what motivates. The hypothesis was that perhaps by understanding the profession better, from their perspective, we might be able to come up with an interesting insight. We ended up only uncovering a partial picture of a very complex practice. Through this process, however, we practiced mapping ecosystems which will be a critical skill moving forward.


## Conclusion

  * The gathering of information.
  * What we will be doing with it.
  * Focusing on the impacted?

