## Aging Out of the System
Up until the moment when a foster child ages out of the system, they have services and resources available to them.

When children exit the foster care system, often they do not have resources or life skills needed to make it on their own.

<illustration-of-journey/>

Some key issues
  * Emancipating themselves from resources when they age out.
  * High risk of homelessness.
  * Lack of life skills; professional, educational, and extra curricular engagement.
  * Sufficient identifying documentation for applying to benefits.

How are people solving it today?

Services exist for public housing, education, and engagement with youth aging out of the system. There are issues, however, with connecting them to those resources. Many youth try to strike out on their own but may quickly find themselves in need of support. If they can't find those resources, either through former caseworkers, shelters, or other informal networks, their vulnerability may lead them to committing crime or becoming involved with human trafficking.

It is possible for youth to get proper identifying documents to apply for much needed benefits such as housing. Welfare agencies can encourage the youth that they engage to maintain proper documentation physically and some agencies may even enroll their case subjects in digital information lockers. However, the requirements of proper documentation varies depending on the application, such as having copies verses originals, or an adequate amount documentation to satisfy more complicated applications, such as physical and mental health records or proof of homelessness. Acquiring the proper documentation takes time and causes delays in solving their immediate needs. During this time they again, find themselves in high risk situations.


## De-escalating Juvenile Justice









